Branch feature/auto_update_on_cat_registration will be used to allow the system to automatically update
all of the unknown kitty visits every time a new kitty is registered.  In the last test we had to
manually update each visit which was very tedious and should have been automated.

21 MARCH 2026

1. Kitty detection will be via polling loop using scale and/or camera.
    a. Probably scale initially.
2. Data buffer will contain some previous data so we can get the pre-weight in addition
to the current weight.
3. Entry event on significant increase in weight.  Exit event on significant drop.
    a. Should set thresholds.
4. Use BOTH the kitty weight AND the camera image to reason about identity.
5. Decide on how to call the agent on event.
    a. Python function call? (let's use this!)
    b. CLI method (current method!)
    c. REST API?
    d. Other?
6. Based on Python function call, we should create a Python API that other applications use.
    a. And we need a setup.py and need to make this into a package that the developer can 
    install and then call.
    b. And then write the test scripts in Python for demonstration purposes.
7. Now regarding chip reading, even if you can't decrypt the chip, as long as the chip 
reader output is unique for each kitty and repeatable even if you cannot decrypt, you still
have a unique identifier!
    a. So add chip ID string capability!
    b. This would be gold standard.

4 APRIL 2026

1. Successful litterbox simulation using actual kitty images.
    a. We need to plan on real world testing at this stage.
    b. Al recommends starting with weight only for simplicity.
        (1) I must confirm this with Al today to be sure I am remembering it 
        correctly because I could be misremembering things here!
2. Need plans going forward.
    a. Present system can accomodate weight sensing, image sensing, ammonia, and 
    methane.
    b. Should adjust the present system to add chip ID.
        (1) Even if scrambled as long as it's unique to each cat it's good enough.
        (2) Should be taken as definitive.
            (a) But what if two cats are near the box at the same time?
            Maybe not so definitive?  I dont' know...
3. Question: When does hardware testing begin?
4. Ryan will merge present system to main branch in his repo.
5. Next week (tentative):
    a. Pour through the data.
    b. Work out how to get an initial operating run with hardware going.
    
